From the Jupiter Hotel, the Douglas Fur, Doug Fur, whatever the fuck this place is called,
the Portland, Oregon, one of the greatest cities on the planet Earth.
It is my absolute pleasure to say that Harmontown is now in session.
Let's welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you. Thank you. I immediately started crying.
I walked out of the stage and started crying. Why? I think it's because I'm drunk.
I'm a servant. It's not because tonight's important.
People in the world with leukemia, why am I crying?
I'm crying because your donuts are great. You're a great city.
How many of you are here that live in Portland?
See, a lot of times, Jeff, when we go to other cities, we go like,
well, who here is from Poughkeepsie?
And then there's like eight people go like, I'm here.
And then the rest of the people are like, I drove here from L.A.
Because they hate Poughkeepsie.
People love being in Portland. They fucking love it.
It is a great town. I got asked, what's the guy's name? Andy?
Who's running this thing? Yeah. He said, do you want to come do this festival?
And I said, yes, can I be there for three days instead of one?
I'd rather be in Portland than not be in Portland.
I scheduled extra days, too. And for Aaron's sake, I said, well,
I'll stay till Sunday and I'm not going to do any other shows
other than Harmontown. Aaron will appreciate that.
And then it was like gift of the UCB workshop magi that I said,
I'm not doing any shows, except she's like, I'm doing nine shows a day.
If you'd like to see Erin McGathy this weekend in Portland,
just swing a cat. Try not to.
She is in every fucking show. This side of Seattle, I don't know.
No, you don't have to have a response to that.
All right, let's get on track. I don't want to have a sloppy show tonight.
You've paid a lot of money. I am not drunk. I didn't do anything wrong.
You're drunk as a fucking fiddler right now. So drunk.
He's lying.
I met you for breakfast. You were drunk when you showed up for breakfast.
Well, I was hungover. We were all hungover.
We all know what happened yesterday. We all got drunk.
So then when you're hungover, you drink through it.
You don't go like, I'm hungover. I'm not going to drink ever again.
That's rookie bullshit.
That will take you straight to AA. That's for quitters.
It's an old stand-up joke. AA is for quitters.
I'm wearing, we went to Mary's Trip Club today.
I made Dan and Aaron. I had breakfast at Mother's, which is too crowded now.
And then I went to Huber's to have a Spanish coffee.
But Huber's fucking good. But I didn't have a Spanish coffee.
I had her in Manhattan. And then three more.
With a couple of people named Tina and Dirk.
God, I hope they're listening at some point in the future.
Because they were hilarious. And then you guys rolled in.
And then I made Dan and Aaron go to Mary's Club.
Which is, I think, a Portland institution.
Not that I'm a strip club enthusiast, necessarily.
But you kind of have to go there, because it's so good.
I think you have to be a strip club enthusiast to go to any strip club.
You have to be into Legos to buy a Lego box, right?
You don't just go like, oh, that looks interesting.
Blocks that connects.
You can't walk in off the street into a strip club and be like, oh, cool.
You have to be like a fucking aficionado.
No, you don't. You go there because the girls that work there, it's so small.
And there's like weird theater seating.
There's like two rows of theater seats.
And you can buy a drink and pee at the same time.
Like, it's so small.
He's selling that like it's like a big positive thing.
If you can drink and pee in the same place, that's not...
But the girls all have ill-advised tattoos.
And they get up there and there's a jukebox on stage.
And when they go on stage, they put a couple of dollars in.
And they play fucking Tom Waits and shit.
Like, they're like, well, let's see you tonight at all the downtown trade.
And they're taking their clothes off.
And then their butt cheeks are doing weird yoga shit.
Yeah, and they flex there.
They do like the tiny Lister Jr. thing with their boobs.
Or you flex the pecs.
You don't go there kind of sexy.
With the Mr. Universe thing with the boobs.
But they have boobs.
So they're like Jim Henson workshop kind of character.
Yup, yup, yup, yup, yup, yup, yup, yup.
I'll tell you what it isn't.
It's not sexy.
And here's the conversation that happened on the sidewalk
after we went in there for a drink.
This is the classic conversation that a lot of people have.
Aaron turned to me and Jeff and said,
So do you guys have boners?
And I immediately went, which is the truth.
I'm like, no, absolutely not.
My penis is retracted into my abdomen
because I was in a place of grief.
And then Aaron goes, oh, what?
You didn't think those girls were attractive?
I don't know.
It's a fucking minefield.
I don't get it.
And I don't know what my role is.
I don't know how to be a feminist.
I don't know how to be a masculinist in a strip club.
I don't know what you do.
When I walk into a strip club, what I typically find
is that it's dead silent.
And that there's a woman on stage
and that she's doing this stuff.
And she seems like a good person.
The odd thing about this place
is that the quarters are so close
and it was so quiet that you could really,
you were really intimately acquainted
with the performers.
And what I mean by that is that a woman
would finish doing booby wiggles
and then she would go over to a three-ring binder
and while leafing through it would say to the guy to her left,
Hey, Glenn, what do you like?
And he would go like, I don't know.
The traffic was so hard on the 110 today.
And she'd be like, yeah, well, you should always take fountain.
And this is LA Traffic Speak,
but I'm just saying, she was like, talk it.
I was like, did you see Hannibal last night?
It was like, good.
And I think that's, from a human perspective,
that's what's supposed to happen.
But from a regular perspective, it's weird
because now I don't understand.
I don't understand my role.
You said, Jeff, you said,
you could just go in there and hang out.
I said, if I go up to the rail in a strip club
and I start just talking loudly about
how I think Parks and Rec is cheating
because they can cut to people explaining jokes.
If I'm just like explaining, yeah,
the thing is mockumentary is like it's overblown.
I get it, Ricky Gervais did it for six episodes,
but it was part of the story.
Then you adopt it into America.
It was a story telling for money.
There's a guy behind me who's going to have a right to go,
hey, fuck off.
What are you doing in a strip club?
And I'm going to go, I don't know.
I don't know why I'm in a strip club.
It's not to get a boner.
It's not for her.
It's not for me.
I don't know what I'm doing.
I don't know whose side I'm on.
I don't know if she's empowered.
I'm empowered.
We're all empowered.
What the fuck's going on in here?
Let's just take off my clothes and just roll around
and throw money in the air and eat tacos.
I don't know what the fuck to do.
Don't get it.
Why is there an orange garnish in your drink right now?
You have a sexy cocktail right now.
This is a Negroni.
A Negroni.
This is my cheat day.
I'm a cheat day.
Wait, so vodka is regular day.
Yeah.
That's zero carbs, motherfucker.
You can have, you can have, you can have.
Wow.
Find a carb in a glass of vodka.
I defy you.
A Negroni, that's like the donut of drinks.
So you can have bourbon and campari.
So we left Mary's Club and I went to Powell's Books.
By the way, what was it?
I went to, for me, my first two stops,
well, first stop when I come to Portland,
Powell's Books, because it's the Disneyland of people that read.
Dan, books are things with pages with words on them
that people read.
I know.
It's like the internet, but smaller.
With lower speeds.
So I said, we got drunk at Huber's.
I met some local lunatics and I said,
I really have to go to Huber's.
I started out at Powell's.
I popped in there, got a couple of books,
and you went and found a bar.
And I got a text from you saying,
I'm in a nearby bar called the Such-and-Such.
I didn't say it's the coolest place in the world.
It's just a place, I got a glass of chamet.
But true to Portland style,
you talk about southern hospitality.
Portland hospitality.
The only person working in the place was a one-bar tender.
And she gave me, I guess, I thought it was chamet.
I said, I'm feeling fancy.
I'm a lumberjack.
I'd like to, maybe I'll build a new bar next door on a wood.
Everything's wood here.
They're all into wood.
I bet there hasn't been a tree here in years.
What there is is good people and good prices.
So drunk.
All right.
Everybody gets a medal for noticing I'm drunk.
What are you going to do with it?
Who are you going to complain to?
So I'm in the bookstore.
Also, I was drunk enough in the bookstore
to walk up to the person at Powell's.
You can walk up to the desk and say hello.
I would like you to check if these books exist.
And they go, I'd be happy to help you.
And I couldn't utter a word.
You're allowed to do that in Portland.
You can get that wasted.
And the guy looked at me and said, hey, you're in a town
where you can come fucked up to a bookstore.
Hey, Matt.
Seems like you've put a junk in high.
Section 642.
Oh, by the way, did you see these books?
Squiggle writing.
I'm making a mental note out loud right now to get all of the drugs
that people gave me last night out of my bag before I fly away.
If anybody wants a bunch of edibles and weed,
I have to get rid of them tonight.
Yeah, I'm over.
I'm a pinata.
Come up to me tonight.
Because all of you give me raised crispy treats.
I can't eat them all.
I can't bring them on the plane.
So just hit me and want to pop out.
Also, the beauty of this gig is we're staying upstairs.
We live here at the Jupiter Hotel in the Dugfur.
Just seriously, just ask me if you want all of the shit
that people gave me last night.
Dude, I was fucking dancing last night.
Aaron was in the other room.
I fucking danced until four in the morning.
Because it's Portland.
He just feels like, you know, it's just Portland.
And I was like, dance until four in the morning.
Like, by myself.
I wasn't grinding on anybody.
I wasn't doing it to impress anybody.
I was just like fucking dancing.
I had to straw in my mouth.
I'm like, a solo cup in my hand.
I'm like, fucking 41.
I'm like, meep-mop-mop.
Meep-mop-mop.
Meep-mop.
It's just like sometimes, sometimes give my feet a rest.
Don't move them anymore.
Like doing vertical shit.
Let's move in the hips.
Elevator goes up, down.
Fucking rocking it.
Fucking people coming up, like shaking their shit in my face.
I'm like, yeah, I'll take that.
I won't take that.
I don't give a fuck.
Just dance it.
Control the floor.
And there was a guy that kept coming up to me.
I don't know if he had this authority, but he kept going like,
are you ready to freestyle?
Are you ready to freestyle?
Every half hour, this guy would come up and he'd start dancing with me.
And he'd go like, so you wanted freestyle yet?
And I felt like he was friends with the DJ.
And I felt like there was a point where I could have easily gone up
and I could have freestyled, wrapped at the thing.
But I turned my back on it.
And I felt, yeah.
Before we get to your freestyle, let's go back to me leaving pals books.
We got a lot of...
So I'm happily...
I have two new books.
I don't need them.
I've got too many books I haven't read anyway.
I'm drunk.
I'm leaving pals books.
I have a text from Dennis saying, I'm at a bar nearby.
So I fucking roll out of there and I use the old iPhone to find out where you are.
And I come into a place called...
It was called Life a Rally.
Life a Rally.
Yeah.
You don't have to grumble.
All right, you're Portland.
We get it.
It was empty.
That's the thing.
Good places were full.
Okay, so take it from there.
Because I walk in there.
You're there.
You have a chameleon in your hand.
There were two dudes as a preamble.
There were two dudes that I felt like they were a gay couple
just to put an image in your head of their mannerisms.
Like, there were two really fit dudes who were very happy.
And I'm like, but also they had a weird fratty edge to them.
It was a weird combination.
And the one guy...
I would not have...
If I saw them from a distance, I would not have said gay couple.
I would have thought fratty guys.
Maybe I'm homophobic or maybe I'm like homo-doolittle.
Like, like maybe...
I don't care.
I would love for everyone to be gay.
I'm going to put my pitch in right now for this episode
to be called homo-doolittle.
I mean, maybe I projected onto them.
I bet they're gay because I was like, I wanted them to be happy
because I felt like they were having a good time together
and there was a lot of sexual frustration
and there was a lot of energy and drama coming from them.
And I was like, I hope those two go home tonight and fuck.
I felt like they were gay.
And I...
And you know what?
I wanted to give them each two votes in the upcoming election.
Too late. Too late.
In case you're wondering if I'm part of the problem.
No.
I would like to live in a society where every gay man
got three fucking votes.
What happened before I walked in there?
Because I want to live in gay world.
Dan, you're fine.
Dan, we...
I'm sorry, am I protesting too much?
I'm just saying, I'm cool with the gays.
I'm fine.
Like everything would be better if they were in charge.
You're straight.
What you're saying is you're straight.
But what I don't want is for them to beat me up.
What happened at this bar is...
These were like bad...
These were very, very, very rare.
Incredibly rare.
Bad gay men.
I felt.
I feel like genetically they're better than everyone.
Whoa!
But these two...
I would like to weed them out.
All right.
Or make them straight.
What would be a punishment for them?
Just tell the story.
Okay.
You're right.
No more editorializing.
You make your own decision.
I don't know.
They might have been straight.
If they were, that explains a lot.
Because if they were straight, then they were fucking intermoinal inside.
I don't think they were, but I will hold judgment to it.
The incredibly sweet bartender, I should say she's female,
because it seems important we're talking, we're setting a stage here.
Very, very sweet female bartender who, as a footnote,
I ordered a drink from her and she said,
do you want something from the menu?
Would you like somebody to eat?
And I said, well, I have kind of a...
Do you have a dessert menu?
Like, something sweet.
She said, we don't have dessert.
I'm like, okay.
Five seconds later, she comes up and she puts a handful of peppermint candies on the bar.
Portland, hashtag Portland.
We're here to fucking, like, we're thinking about you.
We want you, like, this doesn't happen anywhere ever.
That's the opposite of Logan's run.
Somebody was like, I thought when you said,
like, her job was done.
They don't have a dessert menu.
She fucking took that shit to a bowl of candy, but I don't get it.
I don't even get it.
I love it.
I love your city.
And I'm sorry, I'm sitting there going like,
oh, Jesus Christ, what a good people.
I'm trying to make you understand, this woman's a hero.
Because then she went over to the other guys
and they were kind of dramatic and very fit.
Maybe that's part of what I'm holding against them.
They looked crunchy and abby and six-packy and...
Crunchy?
Gunny, bicep-y.
Like, they looked good.
I kind of sleep with them, but...
So I think they were good.
She went to them and they were being loud the whole time.
It was fine.
They were charismatic individuals in the corner.
They're having a good time.
Probably talking about spot-checking each other.
Bench press.
She said to one of them, do you guys want anything else?
And the loud, like, kind of aggressive one,
we will call, let's give them a name, Stripe.
Stripe.
The bad gremlin.
He said to her, she went,
can I get you guys anything else?
He went, I'm just having the greatest time looking at you.
Is that rude?
Yeah, it is.
That's weird.
I don't know.
So that was the mood he was in.
Like, he was feeling his oats.
Was that a phrase?
Nope.
I mean, it is now.
So Jeff walks in with Moby Dick,
or whatever the fuck he bought from here.
Prove we can still exist, bookstore.
Like, it's a movement.
Flash mob, hashtag, like, books should still exist.com.
We get it.
Oh, it's fun.
With your thumb.
Oh, it cut me.
Great.
Information at a price.
Who would have thought of it?
Your anti-book?
I don't know why I'm doing that.
It's a weird platform.
It's a weird, you know what?
Even if most of the world feels that way,
you know, no one will feel okay getting on your side of that.
I mean, anti-book.
Jeff walks in with his fucking books.
But when was Mark Twain?
Look it up.
Fucking Google him.
You bought a Mark Twain book?
Yes, because I meet people and we talk about books,
and they go, oh, you should read this.
And I write it down on my phone.
Yeah, a phone.
My iPhone.
I have a little note thing.
And I write down book titles.
And when I go to Powell's, or if I'm in Seattle,
I go to Elliott Bay.
Yeah.
And like the good bookstores in the world
that actually carry the shit that you want to find.
It's not like a Barnes & Noble piece of garbage.
When you go to Portland, you can actually find
the books that you wish you had.
And the end, I'm smart.
All right.
Read a book, motherfucker.
I know.
Read a book.
You're a writer.
Yeah, you know what?
Read a fucking book.
Yeah, reading is for consumers.
I'm a writer.
Consumers of what?
That's like a spider being into spiderwebs.
Like a spider is like, I love spiderwebs.
No, motherfucker, you spun this shit.
To catch flies.
If a spider could read, a spider would read a book.
A spider can't read.
Motherfucker, I'm going to fight you.
I'm going to fight you in Portland.
Spiders can't read.
What happened to this place?
We've wasted a lot of time on this today.
Inexplicably.
I roll in with books.
Two books.
Provocative material.
So Jeff's at the end of the bar.
By bar in quotes, because it's beachwood, it's bright.
It's fucking midday lit.
It's a nice place.
It's a touristy, downtown, dumpy bar.
And then one of these two incredibly sexy, probably gay guys,
goes over, he senses that there's other people there.
He goes up to Aaron and he goes like, what was his entree?
It was like, I hope he's not with you.
You're so beautiful.
And then he said, yes, this is my side of the story.
We'll bring Aaron out in a second.
I want to hear her side, but from my objective,
glowering into my chameleon.
I had just sat down.
He said, hello, sweetheart.
He did an extravagant kind of like, hello,
I'm that guy from the other part of the bar.
I want your attention now too, which is fine.
I love your style.
You're so beautiful.
You look great.
But in the midst of that introduction, he said,
I hope you're not with him.
And did this kind of sassy to Jeff.
And Jeff said, go fuck yourself.
Fuck off.
And then he goes, what?
And then he was like, I wasn't talking to you.
He's like, you weren't talking to me.
I said, he goes like, I hope you're not with him.
I go, oh, you fuck off.
He came over and was like being like too much.
And I said, you go away.
And he goes, oh, I hope you're not with him.
And I said, I'm a stylist.
I just think your hair is so cool.
I go, your personality needs touching up.
And he goes, who?
And then his friend, his even sexier friend,
who I assume is gay because he's fucking hot,
started saying things like, I could hear them
before everybody would go there.
He goes, what did you just say?
I go, hey, I wasn't talking to you.
I said, well, you were.
I said, your voice carries.
He goes, oh, my voice carries.
He did a thing where he was like, my voice carries.
But it felt flat.
It was like a flat C, flat.
My voice carries.
I said something along the lines that, hey, fuck off.
The adults are having a conversation over here.
And then he enlisted the more muscular guy in the duo.
And he goes, stop me before I do something stupid.
And I go, oh.
That's what you heard.
And then he said, later on in this altercation,
this big five minute blossom of human interaction.
At one point, I heard this guy say,
in a certain point, I'm going to start slicing faces.
Slicing faces?
That was after I left.
What do you love?
I had left at that point.
The guy that came at us with the, I'm a stylist
and I'm Mr. Wonderful.
And I'm like, oh, wait.
I hope you're not with him.
I go, you go away.
Your personality could use some touching up.
And then the other guy's like, I'm going to go away.
And I go, oh.
Now Mr. Wonderful over here wants to be involved
because he's stopping me before I do something stupid.
I'm going to slice some faces.
So I grab my Mark Twain and whatever.
What was in the book I bought?
I forget.
I picked my two books up and I fucking bone out
because I know where this is going.
Because where it's going is nowhere.
And then I read a fucking tweet from you
where the guy was threatened to slice faces.
That was during the whole thing though.
I could hear him.
And so I was engaging with him.
He would say stuff.
Slice face.
It was a really young man, really.
You're going to beat people up.
And he and I actually had an arc.
At the end of it, I had, because he...
This is the guy that you refer to as so hot he must be gay.
Yeah.
All right.
This guy's actually the hero of the story kind of.
Because you want to fuck him.
No, because he...
Because he was so...
You fucked this guy, right?
He felt an obligation to beat everyone up
who had a problem with his friend who was causing trouble.
So when I actually engaged with him, it was like...
He said, I'm sorry.
I said, look, I'm sorry too.
It's weird to threaten to slice people's faces.
And he said, hey, he said, look, I'm with my friend.
I feel like I have to stick up for my friend.
And I'm like, there you go.
That's humanity.
That's it in the bottle.
Everyone's got to stick up for their friend.
The fucking...
That's why barflights happen.
It's like, dumb.
It's like two guys like...
I don't know.
We spent too much time on this.
Those guys are listening to this and going like,
we did it.
Because here's another fucking weird thing.
Aaron said, Aaron said...
I didn't hear this.
Aaron said that during the altercation,
one of them pointed at you and said,
I'm glad your show got canceled.
Pointed at me?
You thought that you were me?
I assume.
Or that I was Jeff Winger.
I don't know.
Or they thought whose line is not coming back.
Dan, listen up, Barry the lead.
Your show got canceled today.
Yes, it did.
It did.
By gay people.
You guys are...
Gay people canceled the show.
Gay...
By...
Yeah.
We should address that in due time.
I'm sorry.
We spent too much time talking about some weird beachwood bar...
I was in a plane yesterday and I landed
and the driver named Dan...
Dan, are you here?
Are you here?
Dan Kogan?
Dan!
Is he here?
Are you like Hodor from Game of Thrones?
Hodor.
Dan!
It's not his name.
Hodor.
It's just the sound he makes.
Anyway.
Dan!
Dan, love.
I flew in before you did and our driver, Dan Kogan, said
Dan, I'm picking him up in an hour or two.
Does he know that it's...
Does he know that it's show got canceled?
I go, I didn't know that.
I said, I wonder when did that news drop?
He goes, recently.
There was a chance that you were on the plane when that news dropped.
Yeah, they called me.
I was on my way to LAX and somebody from Sony called me.
And they told me.
Listen, I...
The fans of that show have more reason to be upset than I do.
I can go try to create another show and also I got paid for every minute I cared about
that show.
And a lot of...
I don't know what you're plotting, but capitalism...
The trickle down...
The people that are most devastated are people that put unpaid labor into the show.
It's like, hashtagging this.
I'm getting a tattoo of this.
I love this show.
They didn't get compensated for it.
They had a relationship with the show.
Were there community tattoos?
Oh, sure.
There was community tattoos.
Does anybody here have a community-related tattoo?
You don't have to be ashamed.
I always have mixed feelings about the tattoo thing.
Somebody will show me a Rick and Morty tattoo and I'll go, I'm not sure.
It's the highest compliment, but at the same time, I don't know what to...
It's a terrible idea.
Well, it depends on what you feel.
I don't know what...
It's none of your business how somebody wants to...
I don't know.
It's weird.
It's a permanent thing.
And then you...
Dumb.
This is not entertainment.
This is me.
Dan, your feelings aside...
And also, you can't totally relate to the hardcore fan who loves community.
But now it's...
That's the end of the show that means a lot to people.
Also, it clearly means a lot to you.
The fact that that's now done, how does that emotionally affect you?
It'll take weeks to sink in.
But there was somebody who handed out...
There was literature being handed out in the line.
Kyle.
Kyle, right?
Yes.
Kyle.
I gave it to you.
Every time we come to Portland, there's a high-concept gimmick...
Graphic design-wise.
It's a more intelligent...
Everyone here...
No one lifts anything in Portland.
Everyone just goes to work at a draft table...
And they eat coffee, and then they go home in a weirdly designed egg-shaped race car bed...
That folds up into God's consciousness for eight hours.
And it folds down, and they go back out and be open-minded for a living.
I don't know.
I don't know what you people do.
You're delightful.
You should move here.
I'm gonna move here and have a bunch of babies.
Lumberjack babies.
All my kids are gonna look like the lead singer of Spin Doctors.
Boo!
Don't you dare boo the fucking Spin Doctors, you fucking Portland asshole.
I think he booed your baby.
He hasn't even...
He's gonna be your last defense against Skynet.
He's gonna have a microphone on one hand and an axe on the other.
Don't you dare boo Conor Harmon.
I feel a native Conor Harmon.
I remember when I was ten years old, as I've said before on the show, I was on...
As a kid, I was in the King and I, this play with your Brenner.
And we toured the country, and then we did Broadway, and then he died.
But when I was ten, I don't know why that's funny, but I love that you...
If Jeff asked you to be part of his next Broadway production, as tempting as it is, just say no.
You gotta die.
But when I was ten, we did the...
Is it the fitzer, the Spencer, the flitzer?
Schnitzer.
Schnitzer?
The schnitzer.
Hey, Scoot.
Are you...
Where's Scoot?
Oh, there you go.
Okay, thank you.
So anyway, as a kid, I...
Thank you, Scoot.
We played at the schnitzer, the fister, or the flitzer, or whatever the fuck.
And I was on tour with Ryan Stiles and Greg Proups and Chabes, and we toured with Who's Live,
like a Who's Lying kind of thing.
And I walked in there, and I said, oh fuck, I think I played in this theater when I was ten.
And this is 20 years, or 25 years later.
And the doorman there, I said, I was here as a kid.
And he goes, yeah.
He goes, your name's Jeff.
And it was the fucking doorman when I was a kid.
He goes, do you want me to walk you to your old dressing room?
And he just started fucking me.
Better than you've ever been fucked.
Not true.
New York style.
It's not true.
East Coast style.
No, but he remembered the show.
And there he fucking was, and he took me to my dressing room.
Now I'm twice as tall as I was.
And so the dressing room is twice as small as I remember.
And we fucking did that show there.
And like, fuck, what's the point of my story?
Oh, I remember now.
So I was, we would do matinees, and I would be, I had kind of like a page boy haircut
because I played like a little British kid.
And I had makeup on because it was a theater show.
And I was ten.
And I went to a McDonald's with my brother, who did not have makeup on.
But we went in there to McDonald's here in Portland.
What's the park near where the fister or the footster or the Spencer is?
Yeah, there was a McDonald's there.
And I fucking rolled in there at ten years old.
And the guy goes, what can I get you ladies?
But he didn't have makeup on.
I was like, we're boys.
And he goes, well, what can I get you?
I was like, you motherfucker.
It's like, just because I'm wearing makeup at 10 a.m.
doesn't mean I'm gay or a girl.
I've never given Portland for that.
I think it's why you and that guy got in a fight tonight.
I didn't get in a fight. I left. You got in a fight.
I didn't get in a fucking fight.
I was hunched over a chameleon.
All right.
Were you going to freestyle tonight?
Yeah.
Let's give these people their money's worth.
In LA, you pay $10.
$10 is whatever.
It gets you a pair of socks.
These people paid probably more.
There's other people who paid VIP.
I met some of them in the bar.
They got VIP bracelets.
They paid more money to make sure that they could get in.
Not at the wait line.
It doesn't matter.
Capitalism can go fuck itself, but it serves me tonight.
Not that I'm taking a cut.
I don't give a fuck about your money.
But what I do want to make sure of is that you're entertained.
Is James Adomian here?
There was a gasp.
Is he here?
I heard he was here.
James, are you here?
No. He's not here.
Oh, fuck.
All right. It's fine.
It doesn't matter.
No, because that was going to be a fucking goodie.
I wanted to do...
James Adomian is here at the festival.
He does the best Vincent Price impression I've ever heard in my life.
I wanted to...
I told him last night, come to the show, we'll do a rap,
and then you do the Vincent Price bridge for the rap.
Spiders Delight.
Uki Uki sandwiches.
Why are spiders so delightful?
No, it's a spiders delight.
Spiders Delight is horror.
It's like what does the Addams family like?
They like bad soup.
Spiders Delight is like...
It's not a good delicious cupcake.
Wrong beat. Wrong beat.
Anybody? James Adomian?
Anybody got a 20 on James Adomian?
Nope.
Fuck that guy.
That's Bridgetown for you.
It's Bridgetown, dad.
Forget it.
Forget about it.
Kumail's off doing a different show.
Kumail, he was so funny last night.
We made a lot of cool friends.
Paul Provenza.
Paul Provenza?
Oh shit.
Yeah.
Yo.
I'll do my own Vincent Price.
Yeah.
Yo.
Rap.
Wait, Dan told me before the show that he was going to rap tonight.
And that not only was he going to rap, but it was going to be great.
That he wasn't going to do one of those tepid, you know, like slap dash.
Can you bail on it?
No.
You say a word that you can't rhyme and then you see the word together.
You rhyme that word with that word and you bail on it.
You felt like tonight you're going to deliver actual like subriomology.
Yeah.
All right, here we go.
Yo.
All right.
You're holding the mic wrong.
You don't have to hold the mic like that.
All right.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
Come on, man.
Yo.
Dan Harmon.
Best rap ever.
Yo.
Sky to the ground, to the ground to the sky.
I fucked your mama in each of her eyes.
I made her blind so she had depth perception problems.
Yo.
Reception is...
Ah, fuck.
I...
Okay.
Obviously we know what...
We know what I...
We know what I did wrong, though.
You want to stick to monosyllabic words that end with a vowel.
Freeze down.
Dan, don't be fettered by Peter or...
All right.
I fucked up.
Yeah.
Pour it in.
Yo.
Dan, I would say rap about your day.
Rap about...
What's on your mind?
How do you know I wasn't going to?
Because you said yo for 16 measures.
Yo.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Yo.
Pour it in.
That's still just...
All right.
Sorry.
That was my fault.
All right.
I'm trying...
I gotta wipe my head clean every time.
Yeah.
Just...
Just feeling...
Just feeling the beat.
I'm in Portland.
The land of trees and sky.
Why ain't we in Seattle?
Tell me why.
Because it's too far north and too fucked up.
Yo.
Portland is what's up.
It's a beautiful place full of trees.
Fuck your mama so hard that she fell to her knees and she...
She begged for more.
She said let's go camp and make your dick into a s'more.
I said I'm out of chocolate and crackers, you know.
Don't know what you're doing, but I got financial backers.
Go to Kickstarter.
Try to get a new season.
Gonna fuck your mama so hard.
Don't got no reason to.
Whoa.
Fuck your mama and your dad.
Fuck your mama so hard.
She said that wasn't bad.
But you can do it better.
Put your daddy in a Superman sweater and he...
Made him knit his own.
It was a new form of a masculine.
He was owned.
Santa chair, knitted a sweater.
Like, acted like he didn't care.
But the truth is he was emasculated.
Fuck your mama so hard.
Just give me a...
Just give me a second.
Yeah.
Fuck your good.
It's all right. Thank you.
Thank you for your support. Thank you.
It's for a good cause. Thank you.
Yeah.
Yo.
Every right post a cancer is out.
Port land from the P to the O
to the R to the T.
L.A. don't know.
I got to end to the D.
Fuck your mama on the side.
Fuck your mama so hard that her pussy got wide.
Drove a train from A to B through her.
Fuck your mama like my name was Ben.
Her got in my chariot.
Whippin' it next to me.
Fuck your mama till she had her hysterectomy.
No. Sorry about that.
That was fucked up. Sorry.
Sorry.
Sometimes the science drops and you don't know.
You become a cyclops.
You've got one eye and you're just looking at the beats.
Sorry. Turned your mama.
That was fucked up.
Surgical to clinical.
Uncool. It's not cool.
Sorry.
All right. Here we go.
One last verse.
Yo.
Fuck your mama from the A to the B
Fuck your mama from the C to the D
Fuck your mama from the E to the D
The alphabet rhymes. See?
Fuck your mama all around.
Fuck your mama with my vision.
Fuck your mama with my sound.
I said fuck you.
Oh. All right. All right.
Portland. Portland.
Portland rap.
That's your money's worth.
This is gravy.
Let's bring out Erin McGathy. Shall we?
Erin McGathy.
Hi.
Yo.
Oh my goodness.
No problem.
It's a real quick, great.
All right.
So what was it, just real quick,
let's agree to not spend more than nine minutes on this.
Well, real quick, I just wanted to clarify something.
When we walked out of the strip club,
there was a misunderstanding when you said
that your penis retracted.
I instinctively, what I said was,
I thought they were really pretty.
I didn't say, you didn't thank them,
and I'm not pretty.
I'm sorry about that.
I'm sorry.
No, no, it's okay, it's okay.
And I know it was a misunderstanding.
You're right.
No, it's just a bit of a minefield for a guy,
because you don't even know if your role as a feminist
coming out of a strip club is supposed to be like,
but I don't even have a boner.
There was nothing sexual about that,
and then you can follow that road.
It doesn't lead all the way to Rome.
Yeah, we're all confused.
It will bump up against objectification of women
in a different way.
Well, in the recent way, I asked.
Because you'll be going, oh, they were fucking ugly.
And it's like, well, okay, so then you go like, oh, no,
they were hot, they made my dick hard.
Okay, now they're hot,
and I don't know what the bumper table,
like, why are we doing this?
What are we doing?
Jeff is the only person who knew why we were doing that.
He doesn't know.
I was taking it everywhere.
Does it mean, while we're sitting here
with the shirts from the place,
Jeff just takes us places and orders us to sit place?
You can't, you've been in Portland now
several times in your life,
but you've never been to Mary's Club.
You have to have been there at least once,
because it's kind of, it's special.
It's weird.
It's an interesting place to be in, yeah.
It was good, just me to sit at the stage,
which I was happy eventually that he made me do,
but I was uncomfortable because I was going in
because it was presented as a spectacle,
and then I walked in and there's like this person
who was doing this dance that was great,
and I didn't want her to feel like I was making fun of her,
which is such a narcissistic way to walk.
I mean, she's not like,
oh, I wonder what their relationship is with nudity.
Yeah, they've crossed the threshold.
They don't care.
They're heroes, they're martyrs, they're victims.
I love that.
When I had the dollars and I could give a dollar
for certain things that I liked,
like when she did the thing with her butt,
like the, I was like, I really like that, and then.
That's what I don't like, I don't like sitting at the,
I don't know what I'm rewarding,
because I've never been turned on
by any performance in a strip club,
and I'm not saying that that's the goal,
because otherwise, it should be,
if you wanted to, it should wear more sweaters.
Like, I would like to watch a lady just in a sweater.
That's funny, yeah.
Like, just rolling around in a beanbag.
I would feel very jealous.
Like, that would be pornographic to me,
that would be like, but it wouldn't be.
I would feel very jealous if we went into a strip club
and there was a woman fully clothed
with tights and a sweater, who just sat there and said,
you've been bad.
Yeah.
I'd be like, we have to get out of here, I can't.
The theme of the bar, I'd be like, teacher's assistance.
That would be, and it would just be like girls sitting
at a desk and going like, what else did you want?
What memo did you want to send out?
And I'd be like, tell Mr. Flamers that,
push that meeting.
Okay, yes, sir.
That would, I would walk out of there with.
With a boner.
Frankly, a boner.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And it would be gross.
Frankly, a boner.
When the women are fully naked
and they get the dragon tattoo on their back
and they're like, they're spinning her on the pole.
That's not sexy.
It's transcended sexuality, which is a good thing, I guess.
But you wanted to fuck those two gay guys
at the bar there, right?
Probably, but I want to tell you what happened.
Well, you guys were in there getting these sweatshirts,
just because this is another thing.
What do you do about strip clubs?
What do you do about sexuality?
What do you do about panhandling?
All right, in LA, we have lots of panhandlers.
San Francisco, we've talked about the panhandlers.
I think the San Francisco panhandler population
has been subjected to an undue amount of stress.
Panhandler in San Francisco, he's living in an area
where it's like it's Eternia in the He-Man universe.
Like, everyone has to be in action figure.
They had some of the worst draconian mayors
there's no such thing as just a guy
in an army jacket that needs a dollar.
That guy's been fucking brushed off to like down the coast.
In San Francisco, if someone's panhandling you,
he's got a fucking teacup on his head.
He's got an armor made of a furnace door.
Like, he's got a gimmick.
He's got a spell he's going to cast.
He's got a magic trick to do.
I used to live in San Francisco, and there was a panhandler
who every time you walked by him, he would propose marriage.
But in a very sincere way, and I always gave him money.
I was always delighted by it, we had an agreement.
So here's what happened in Portland, outside that strip
club, well, Erin went back in to buy her t-shirt with you.
There's no moral to this story, I'm just sharing it.
There was a woman walking on the street.
I would characterize her as, I'm pretty sure she,
I think her poison was drink, I think.
But I don't know, I'm not a social worker, I don't know.
It's not my job to judge her, or appraise her,
or know what she's into, or whatever.
But I felt like looking at her, I was like, yeah,
she's like me in 20 years.
And she was like, hey, you have any money?
And then Erin went in the thing and said, I got this.
I gave her a 20, because it's all I had.
And I was just, well, I'm a tourist too.
And you literally said, I got this.
I did.
I did say that.
I said, I got this.
Because she approached and she said, dude,
and held up her sign, like she was my old friend,
and she was like, you owe me $5.
And I just, I was following Jeff into the club.
And I said, I got this.
All right, that's, yes, that's what I did.
You got off easy, I bought you guys $90
with a Mary's Club swag.
So I gave her a $20 bill.
And she gave me a hug.
And we held each other.
And she said, I wrote it down after she walked away.
She said, I don't normally hug people,
but you did me a favor.
And then she broke the hug.
And then she walked into a housing complex
next to the strip bar.
She said, and you know what I'm talking about.
She turned to me.
And I was like, no, I don't.
I don't know what you're talking about, quite.
But I feel like I may have killed you because I gave you $20
and you're taking it.
So here's what happened next.
Then two minutes later, because you guys
were in the strip club buying a t-shirt.
Lou Reed walks in.
Another couple, a couple walk by.
It was like a homeless couple, the self-identified homeless
couple.
This is why I'm back buying you guys hoodies
with a Mary's Club.
So then the woman had kind of, she had sores on her face,
like it was more of a meth-y thing,
not like an alcoholic thing, more of a speedy thing.
And she said, I wrote all this down
because I wanted to talk about it tonight.
She said, can I get some money?
And I was like, I did literally.
I gave all my money to another person.
I'm sorry.
And she said, we're crackheads.
We're homeless.
And she walked away with her male friend.
She said, be really choosier around here.
That's fucking interesting.
Because the first lady just wanted booze.
She needs crack.
I don't know, it's weird.
It's like, when are you a good guy?
When are you a bad guy?
You don't just panhandling in general.
Spencer told me once, we should bring out Spencer in a second.
Spencer Crittenton, he doesn't give to panhandlers,
he told me once.
What he does do, I don't have the balls to do this.
When he sees the guys in LA, I don't know if this
is like in every city.
But in LA, there's like, we have an infrastructure
that supports guys rolling down the street with a shopping
cart full of tin cans.
Like they go from door to door.
They're fucking working hard, way harder than any of us
work, getting very little shit to give to a corporation that
gives them a couple pennies for their tin cans.
And Spencer said, he doesn't give to panhandlers.
When he sees those guys, those guys
aren't even asking for money.
Spencer pulls over, runs out, offers them money.
I love that.
I mean, that seems like in Spencer's like,
but it's almost Darwinian too.
It's creepy.
Like, yeah, so the other people should, should they die?
What are we saying?
Are we, oh, he knows work ethic.
Give him money so that we can keep the.
I'm from LA, like you see a guy laying in the street
in LA, a homeless person, and they're laying in LA.
It's a nice climate.
But you see somebody on the streets in Portland,
like it's cold out, like it's weird to be homeless here.
In Milwaukee every year, it's the second coldest city
or the first coldest city, depending on who you ask.
If you ask somebody in Minneapolis, they'll tell you.
It's, they die.
Yeah.
There's a homeless population, and they die every winter.
They die off, like mosquitoes.
It's not, I'm not making a joke.
I'm saying, like, that's the horrible thing.
So as human beings, they die off.
They're called homeless people, mosquitoes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's, I'm saying that's the fucking horrible thing.
They die off.
It's the horrible thing.
It's like, it's a part of a biosphere.
When you see somebody that's homeless and someone's
sleeping on the, like I walked across the bridge
from the southwest side to downtown,
and it's just people like sleeping on the middle
of the bridge on the thing, and you just walk by them.
It's so weird.
Because you get other shit to do.
That's the, it's weird.
But you don't.
You don't have anything to do.
I know, you shouldn't have anything to do.
You should, like, if we, if we, if you were playing
a video game, and you had, like, people walking everywhere,
and there were some of them that were, like, laying down,
you would dedicate all your energy until you had that
moving up.
That's the liberal perspective, is that a society
should be judged by how you treat your, your, your
lowest individuals.
I just think it's, it's, we live in a world where people
think that life is a competition, and that when
you see somebody.
And that they're losing.
And so for me to identify with you means I would have
to lower myself in that, in that chess game.
I hate it.
This is the worst.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I don't know.
Let's lighten, let's lighten things up and bring
Spencer out.
Spencer!
He's going, he's going under a pillar of a ling, homeless
deaths, homeless deaths.
What are you thinking?
What do you, what do you, what do you make of this
situation?
With, with panhandling, the homeless, the...
What, what, what?
Well yeah, it is Darwinian.
You encourage the people who are working and you
let the others, you know, be cold.
That's what you're saying.
How do you feel about mental illness, and what
do you?
I'm against it.
But you know
What does it I mean one day, you know any day now they're gonna come up with a pill
Yeah, and they're gonna go this cures
Blankin flamin and and they're gonna it's gonna be like oh, that's great
Tim used to talk to the fire hydrant now. He doesn't think that fire hydrants talk Lincoln Flamin is gets a friend. That's fantastic
um
But then they're gonna say they're gonna look at
Spencer and Aaron and Jeff and me and they're gonna go by the way you could you wouldn't you wouldn't get hurt by taking this either
You don't talk to fire hydrants. However, you you do cry when you're watching Tron
That's weird
Don't do that. You shouldn't cry when you're watching Tron. That's dumb. What part of Tron makes you cry?
Well, I'm crying isn't a mental it's not a mental imbalance
That's true the light cycle part doesn't yeah, it's a
What's sad about that part? Just sometimes you get cut off and sometimes you cut other people off
There's no way out of a light cycle race with I love the neutron
In the new Tron, there's a guy even though you're in a computer. There's still a guy at the arena that goes
There's still a guy in the computer. That's like the Tron arena guy
I was like, whoa, who wants to killin folks?
Wait, why is everything always why is there always an emcee in a post-apocalypse?
Why why is there always a Richard Dawson and a running man?
Who wants some violence and then the audience like yeah
And then you try on as a scene like like the like Thunderdome with a guy like yeah, yeah
He's like oh boy. I know why you came here. What are you talking to it? They're all computer programs
Why are you doing this? I have a computer program and your computer that's like those whose job is to wear a weird hat and go like
That guy was the karaoke host right like that he just transitioned like there was a need for the Thunderdome host
He's just like the local host. Yeah, but the original Tron
There was just a guy that was like your your drill instructor who said like if you lose your identity disc
You'll be subject to automatic de-resolution
Yeah, there's always a guy any in world any world that has to be redefined
There's always a guy that is the voice of the sensational need for blood lust. You'd be that guy Jeff. Yeah
Hosting give it give me a noun someone say a noun
Banjo Banjo Banjo world Jeff. What would the what would the
If you lose your banjo strings
You'll be subject to automatic detuning
Those were those were low res than I wanted
It's Banjo world fucking Banjo world in the world of banjos. There are four types of strings
The strings that adapt the strings that don't adapt
the strings that snap and
The strings that are lost
Jeff all right
Okay, all right. Do you want me to throw one at you? No, no, do you want? Yeah? Yeah, okay. Yeah, so you're the you're the fascist
Propagandist Lord, and I'm the I'm the emcee of the okay of the arena. All right
In a blank world. Okay
There's a futuristic world modeled on Chuck E cheese restaurants
Oh, hello whiskers and ears
Welcome to the cheese
All right, you're right. It's hard. It's hard
You're right. It doesn't never mind. Sorry. Sorry about that. Yeah, you won't hear me admit
I was wrong a lot. I had a walk of my own as Marcus. We have Spencer here Spencer. Thank your gift
I know Chuck E cheese. This is a blessing from God Dan. What the fuck? Oh do it fucking do it then, okay?
Yeah, you're the Chuck E cheese. No, I'm gonna run again karma purposes. Here we go
I read everybody you you have to play the character of the bloodthirsty crowd though. Like like like it's just
All new people must have hand stamps for their parents
Or be crushed by the ball pits
You only get six tokens. So use them wisely
You may choose to pool your tickets to get a worthwhile prize or spend it all on tootsie rolls
Damn it
Remember us when you're in charge. What I said, I hope you remember us when you're in charge
All right, so yeah, no, I'm out James Adomian's not here right fuck that guy never showed up. No that fucking cock
It would have been good man
I would have done a rap and then he would have been like spiders delight
And then I would have kept rapping like we can still do it because I already tried to rap
I like your Vincent Price breakdowns more than anybody's but I
You all I have to rap and then I have to also do the Vincent
Yeah, but it provides a nice break from the rapping to get into that. All right, just one taste just to show him
Just to show him how bad I am
Just a little lick just yo, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
High tempo ceiling to the floor fucked your mama does she beg for more fucked your mama in her eye
Fucked your mama in her mouth fucked your mama to the west northeast and south like a fuck your mama in a lazy way
Improvising lyrics all day
Fuck your mama Monday to Tuesday. Oh shit. This is stupid dumb. Hold on. Let me
That's a bad beat for a for a visit price. It's pretty frenetic
Yeah, everyone said Vincent Price at once in the audience those groups. Okay, all right
Then I promise as soon as I'm done with this. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yo. Yeah. Yo smooth creamy
Yo, yeah
Creamy yeah, Willy Wonka in the house
Yeah, chocolate treats chocolate candy land fucked your mama's heart as I fucking can fucked your heart fucked her a little soft
Fuck your mama in an apartment. Fuck you're in a loft
Somebody else joined in
Fucked your mama till I coined
in
Dumb, hold on. Give me a second. Give me a second. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo
Freestyle rapping
The floor is under my feet. What's your mama so hard? She was like Amanda Pete to say
I think that's an actress
I fucked your mama on a Clive Buckeur mattress and
When the blood went down it resurrected a zombie man and he came to town
I said, yo, it's time for a new franchise
Hellraiser. Oh french fries
Okay, yeah, thank you
Someone went to Hellraiser and thought that needles were french fries and misunderstood. All right. Come on. I just want to get to the Vincent Price bridge
Okay, come on
All right, let's give these people their money's worth. Yeah. All right. Oh, yeah
Yo, yeah, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yeah
Freestyle rap. Yo. Harmon rapping time
Yo, good to rap right now. Fuck your mama and her
Yo, hold on. Jesus Christ. Just give me a second. Yo
Yo, yo, yo, yo
Dancing Harmon in the scene fucked your mama so hard. Her name was Billy Jean
I was like Michael Jackson the glowing sidewalk. I fucked your mama so hard. She
She fired Cyclops. I already said that said that before. Don't you start a new beat? God damn it
All right. All right. Thanks, sweetie
There you go. There you go. There you go. Okay. All right. There you go. Okay
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, freestyle rap
My name's Dan Harmon rapping all day. I fucked your mama so hard. She ate curds of whey
She's like Little Miss Moppet and the spider came down. Fuck your mama in her makeup
She looked like a clown. Fucked her in her eye. Fucked her in her ear. Fucked your mama so hard. She couldn't hear
It went, my dick went through her brain and she went downtown on the train
She went to work and made a good wage. Fucked your mama so hard. She rose marry sage
She used those things when she was cooking. She's
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yo, yo, yo, sorry. Sorry. Yo, yo, fuck your mama in the kitchen in the bathroom
Fucked your mama. It's always the last room that you look in when you find your mama
She's trying to hide from me like a llama. Lamas are notorious for hiding from people
Fucked your mama in the church in the steeple. Fucked your mama in the belfry in the tower
Fucked your mama so hard. She took a shower and she rolled and cried and she she washed it off the things and
Oh god, god damn it
We just gotta get to the vincent price bridge. All right. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo
Let's cool it down and take get to the streets. Fucked your mama in her armpits. Fucked your inner feets
I fucked your mama all day. I didn't want to do it anyway
But she begged me. She told me to do it. Fucked your mama so hard. Her name was
Ray Pruitt. It's a
It's a friend of ours
That's a weird shout out. Yeah
Trust me. Trust me. It's a good rhyme
Fucked your mama upstairs and I fucked her in the basement. Fucked your mama
Nothing
Give me a second. Hold on. Well, yo Portland, yo
Trees redwoods and vines
I fucked your mama till she started to feel fine
Fucked your mama all across the nation. Fucked your mama so hard. She gave up masturbation
She always kept coming to me. She said give me some more. You never gave me so much. You see
I said, okay one more this time
But i'm gonna put it into my next rhyme. She said don't mention me by name. I said, yo, you're just another mama
They're all the same
I'm just gonna say your mama. She's like that's cool. Even though my name is tolamma
Oh, it's okay to make up a word like that. Fuck, god damn it. All right
It's a price. It's a price. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. We got it. Sorry. Just go away. Okay. One more. All right. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry
Uh, say what what did it say? Say a word sir
Bridge, okay. Yo, yo bridge is from ocean to ocean
Fuck your mama so hard because of my motion that a bridge doesn't ever
Trans doesn't go over an ocean. That would be the biggest bridge in the world
Just give me a second
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I fucked your mama in the middle of a bridge
I fucked your mama and her pussy had a ridge. I looked down and said it. What is that?
She said, oh, that's a little tiny man's hat. I said
Don't talk down to me. She said, well, it's it's a clitoris. Like like like do do do
Is it look it up?
And I did
And I learned how to love in a different kind of way
From god above and I unified with her. We were two people just
Fuck it. All right. All right
Yeah, there's a price
And spiders
Coming everywhere
Spider come going crawling all over the place
Tears of zombie infants
Dug themselves out of holes
Third world countries
Feeling terrible about themselves
Vincent price
Bringing the morbidity
Into a popular music
Denham
All right. Well, I feel okay
I feel like you uh, I feel like we failed at that and uh, unless the rest of the show goes well
You can all have your money back
And you you can talk to Squarespace about it
All right, I thought it was great. I just I suddenly play a bit of D&D for these people before we go
Let's get the character sheets dispensed. Yeah, yeah, I'm sorry about that
No, every young girl at some point thinks that her clitoris is a tiny hat
Yeah
Dan
All right
Now Spencer, it's it's been a real long time since I have any idea what we're doing
Yeah, yeah
But I mean usually you guys don't have an excuse
That one was a thinker apparently
All right, Spencer
Catch us up to date if you can if you will Spencer. What's the weirdest thing that's happened to you in portland?
Wait, it's cut the dungeon master music
So, okay when we got here, um Aaron, you know gave me a doughnut one of those doughnuts. I like it
It was good. It was a jelly doughnut. I don't really like jelly doughnuts
um, so
I dropped my stuff out in the hotel then I got a register
I got my wristband stuff and then went back to my room to take a dump and
um
I was sitting on the toilet and I was glancing around as you do and um, I was I saw a waste paper basket and
You know hotel cleaners. They clean up things before the guests arrive and stuff so little was I mean large was my surprise when I saw there was
Apparently something in one of these waste paper baskets and I was like, uh, that's weird
And then I feel like the story would only be enhanced by this. I mean probably not but whatever then
You were right. I take it all back
So I slowly tip tip the waste paper basket towards me to allow myself to see into its depths
And I see it looks like like a tissue paper and inside it's just all red
And I'm like, okay, um, I guess that happens, you know, it's natural that happens put it somewhere
It's like I always say
And so but I was really grossed out and I was like, did they just not clean my room? What's going on?
And then I looked at it further and I was like, oh, that's just the jelly doughnut I threw away
Portland is amazing
You
What a roller coaster ride
We thought we found the one bad thing about portland
It's really just a place you can come to confront your own love of donuts
Well, it's it's everything's so pristine, you know, if you see something in a waste paper basket and you don't remember throwing it in there
It's really terrifying. I gotta say whoever is in charge of cleaning our hotel room here at the bridgeport comedy festival the jupiter hotel
I'm so sorry for my fiance Aaron
What happened? I don't know. She's like it's like the trail. She leaves is
Baluchian
You admit that right like you like like there's crumbs everywhere and
Um, I just like to see everything I have at once
When Aaron moves it goes into a hotel room she she opens the suitcase and just like
It's like spores like
Like everything from inside her suitcase explodes to every edge of the room
I definitely have like a weird thing with hotel story. I'm like, I can do anything
Uh, do you hate the people that the no, no, I don't and I used to I used to work as a maid
Uh, but I always liked it with yeah, really?
Yeah, yeah for like two years during college. I worked as a maid
Um made it made in america was the name of the company. No, no get it. Yeah
Yeah, and I did some
I did some weird shit
but uh, uh, but I think you both
She did some weird
But I uh, I don't you know just like clutter. I feel it wasn't a big deal
Like I think the gross thing are like if I was leaving nail clippings or like hair like that's that's harder
What about just checks mix everywhere?
Well, a bag of checks mix just systematically like laid out all over the floor
I was very drunk and I thought I was a hero for taking a bag of checks mix and
Trying to eat it. I literally
I got back
I was the last one at the after party last night
Literally the last one and I got back to the room and I was like, oh no
Like tomorrow is going to be a disaster
And so I got in bed and I got my ipad and I started playing this movie
That I started watching on the plane and I took the checks mix and I just put it on my
my bare chest
And I don't even think use my hands. It's just like
This is we're getting married. All right. All right. Spencer. That's the woman I'm gonna love Spencer. Uh, let's let's play some d&d
I just I just I just want to hear it
I don't pretend to be Audrey Hepburn
All right, what do you got?
Hey, what do you think about Portland? It's that's a great city. Yeah. Yeah, a lot of bridges a lot of bridges
Okay, whatever really easy a little bit this bit to cross funny for me to keep interrupting bodies of water. Is it there's what's funny
Last time on comedy our heroes had teamed up with Meredith the minotaur to escape the underworld
And soon came upon bill mardigans the city. That's everywhere
With the help of whizbulb and his bucket our heroes met with spizwad the curse breaker who demanded cigarettes in exchange for magical healing
So it was off to the cigarette museum despite Sharpies initial resistance
He quickly rose to the challenge teleporting inside the inside the closed museum
But as soon as he was inside he encountered a massive bust of butts a giant head made of cigarettes
Bill mardigan himself
The smoking cigarette deity was upset about the trespass
But Sharpies seemed to calm him down through level-headed discussion as quark and Chris de Burgh arrived the gang was worried
They soon found themselves enjoying both the smoke of bill mardigans and the magical restorative effects it had
Lifting their skull curses, but with their curses lifted our heroes still sought the magical tarragon to exercise Chris de Burgh
But how would they get it inside of a bag?
I don't know probably not there
find out
That's where we were
Do you have any questions? Do you remember like you there's a giant head made of cigarettes. That's memorable, right? Yeah
Yeah, that's bad. I was very distracted by the by the lighting. Yeah, I'm I'm dynamically lit
I'm here a decently. I examine the the cigarette head. Uh, he's still chilling out. Um, he's he's kind of eyeing you
Smoke issues from his mouth and he's like what uh
Do you know where the tarragon of virtue is?
Oh, that's up in paradise somewhere, right? Do you know how to get there?
No, shit
You what are you looking for?
The tarragon of virtue. That's weird
Well, you're trying to get cigarettes. That's why we uh
I apologize. We we came in here to get cigarettes
Because the uh, there were these other guys that I can't remember. It was like six months ago
That's okay. Were you born this way?
Uh
That's a great question. No, I was not I built this city with my own two hands
And I oversaw it with the best of my ability
But soon I realized it was not enough that drive that powered me to empower this city
Granted me this form and immortality with which I could maintain and upkeep the workings of bill martigans
Are you into what are you into?
I like smoking and riddles you like hot you like hot tubs
No, that really puts me out
Well deserved fun
Why did he want uh cigarettes again?
The other guy it's like uh, who won a cigarette
DMs no, um, you guys were trying to get the skull curses lifted
But in meeting with bill martigan, he actually cured you of your skull curses. Oh, okay. All right. So we're fine
We're good to go actually from this point. We can do whatever we want. Yeah, I mean, we do want the uh, the tarragon of virtue to get, uh
Uh, Chris de Burghs curse left it. I think right sure
Hey smoke smoky bill martigan bill martigan in the name of the city
Have you ever wanted to travel the world with adventurers? No, I kind of just want to you know
Be god over my city
Well, I know you love riddles. Yes, if you answer this riddle collect correctly, we'll let you
Show us to the tarragon of virtue. I like those odds
It's gonna work
All right, what is uh
fine small
and
red
And blue
But never sleeps
Hmm red red, but blue and blue. Oh red red. It would a small red and blue and never sleeps
What can't you
Maybe
Bill martigan's rumblings are suddenly interrupted by a sharp high-pitched a siren. It sounds like
Oh my god, the most adorable emergency is happening
You you see the flashing of blue and red lights, which is coincidental
Bill martigan are
There are people coming. Oh shit. That's the fuzz. You better get out of here
But you you own this place. Yep, but they don't know I exist
Guys, let's jump back in the bucket and get out of here portable. Oh portal bucket portable martigan goes
Oh
Shit and all the cigarettes that composes his form are sucked, you know to their
butts or whatever
Suck into their fuzz. He falls he falls to the ground in a pile of ash and you hear his voice. Good luck
I put the ash in a little bag and I put it in my pocket you obtained bill martigan's ashes
Don't worry guys. I got it
I have a I have a portable if you get into a portable hole if you climb into one
Can you just fold it up from inside and just hang out? I don't think so
Someone on the outside could do that though, but we could jump back through the the the portal, right?
Yeah, you have a bucket with you Jeff that goes to this gnome bathroom. All right, finally
Let's all go to the to the weird weird bathroom
I jump into the bucket of bathrooms
You do that. What about you guys? Um, I also I also jump in through the bucket of bathroom
You find yourself in a nice bathroom. There's something you've never seen before
It's a weird chamber pot made of porcelain. It's got a little handle on it
I open it and look into the contents. There's but but water in a hole
I put my hand in the hole
It feels it fits your fist just exactly as if it was made for it. I go like, uh, this is uh, it's a good chamber pot
I go to the door of this of this room and open it up. You open it up and you see it's it's covered in clutter
It's all just paper. There's nothing useful. Can I ask you? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry tons of paper. Can I
Can I ask you a sidebar question about my character? Yeah, sure. Do I have to poop?
That's really up to you, man. Is it? Are you kidding me?
Yeah
That's crazy. Okay. I have to poop
You have to poop. It's up to me. It's up to me. I I I tell these guys like it's up to me when I have to poop
I want you to know that about me
Uh, you should try and see if you can run. There may be situations where that comes to our advantage
This probably isn't one, but I want you to know
Like I am different from every human every every being on middle earth
It's up to me when I have to poop
I'm like a dolphin like a dolphin's heartbeat is voluntary
What is it right? Yeah, that's true. Yeah, dolphins
They get to remember to keep their heart beating. What they get to forget and die. No. Yeah
Yeah, any any if there's a dolphin in the audience let him
I saw a dolphin. I saw a literal dolphin today on the fucking river. It came it was going
No, guys, what was it then? What was it, huh?
Whatever that's just as magnificent
What
Whatever you thought it might have been a dolphin. It's a fucking gray
Dark shiny object coming in and out of the water for air every couple of minutes. The most incredible thing is that the audience was like, no
Well, also no, his defiance is weird. Like why would he really it's a great dark shape coming out of that could have been
Could have been your friend from college. No, it couldn't have
It had a very distinguished fin
Did you go to college at sea worlds? Wait, so sea lions don't have dorsal fins. Well, I guess it might have been a dolphin then
Everyone is way more upset about this than I am
Well, it's weird to it's just an animal. You saw a dolphin just because you saw a gray thing. Isn't there a possibility?
This is fresh water, right? Not like a dolphin can't just be cruising down the river dolphins
But I think those are
Those exist those definitively exist
There's no there are no river dolphins. Those are purposes South America someone's saying no
Where the river is so big it's like an ocean. I think we solved this in the first 10 seconds
It was a sea lion. Yeah, and I don't care. It was gorgeous. But with a fin with a dorsal fin
apparently
That's what I saw
All right, have you ever touched a dolphin? Uh, no
Sorry, no
Sharpie
Just so
Just so I know
You said that there would be certain situations when you having to poop would be advantageous. Yeah for well later later
I don't know could you just list some of them so I know no no
No, I sit down
Spencer and I poop
Mm-hmm because you said it's up to me. Yeah, I poop bad. I'm telling now you can ask your questions
Well, I'm pooping. It's not a big you gotta make eye contact with me
You guys I want you to lock eyes with me. I don't tell you anything you want to hear
But now but now you need to know that I'm pooping while you talk to me I'm pooping. All right
Are you okay? Yeah
Yeah
How are you?
Good
Sharpie, what do you what do you what do you want to achieve in this lifetime? I'd like to touch other people
Like I want them to know that I was here
What do you what do you want them to remember of you?
Yeah, honestly, I don't I don't I don't need them to think that I was good or bad
I want them to I just want to be remembered. I want it to be specific
I want I want to be I want them to I want to be irreplaceable. I want to be I want to be singular
Plop
I assume I mean it's either up to you or to me. I don't know that when it when it when it
falls
Sure, if you were to to die today. What do you think people would remember you most for Sharpie? Oh god
I don't even I feel like they would I don't I feel like too many too few people would
Have known that I wasn't around that's what terrifies me. Maybe that skeleton army show on the bridge. That was
Yeah, but I don't think those guys knew my name. I don't think, you know, I hold on a second
I I would just like to
I feel like none of us get to live forever
That's not the goal
That's not a real life. Don't take this personally, but I'm just gonna back away five feet or so
Does it stink you guys are you guys all in here?
Uh, what's my pooped in nine months? So yeah
It's a lot. It's a lot of traces of our adventures. I walk I walk out of the uh the doorway to the uh to the restroom
Okay, you walk into this I keep pooping
I keep watching
Those things happen all three of them
And as you walk into this room, you see a pile of papery bits start to move and shift
And you see a hand emerge and then a face. It's a it's another gnome, believe it or not
I'm fliz damn what you doing in here?
Uh, I also watch what you're talking about willis. I what?
All right, sorry fliz damn
My name is quark. I uh my friend is rolling on deuce in the other room. I'm watching
This is all very upsetting. Yeah, I wouldn't call it rolling
Am I supposed to say something?
Fliz damn, uh, we seek the tarragon of virtue
Jesus christ
I
That's a person in this world
I you know that grows on the isle of paradise. Why am I having this conversation? Who are you guys?
Well, you just get some guys who fell into a bucket of a portal. Oh, yeah
I don't
Fuck fliz damn. I gotta be honest with you. We were pretty drunk
I mean, that's normal. We do we we we don't always send this up right at my first thing or a shit
I'm watching other friends watching it. I just had to take a breather and get out of there
Yeah, I feel like we should fight or something fight. This is not normal. Hey
I'm gonna adequately explain yourselves. What? No. Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa
I I leave I leave Sharpie and walk into the room with the paper and the gnome, please damn
I guess I knew you were behind there in theory
Hey, listen. Hey buddy, uh
I'm taking a shit
Yeah, I can smell it. We have
Weird gross
We have no coral with you
You look you look like a nice gnome and do you know where the isle of paradise is?
I yeah
Yeah, yeah
What are you afraid of? This is a very weird circumstance. Do you do you even own a home?
Are you a realist?
What did we interrupt in this paper room? This is my house. Oh, why is your house next to a bathroom?
So hard to fathom that I'm a bit weirded out by three people shitting in my bathroom
None of you are gnomes. Take all of you. One of you is a gnome. That's not true
Well, I'll be your home invasion nightmares and then add to it the idea that the people home-invading
Don't acknowledge that they're doing anything wrong
And yet it would be scarier. It would be scarier. And yet you speak of the isle of paradise and the tarugana virtue
Let's damn. I'm I'm so sorry. We had a we had a
a
Transporter bucket and that's why we're here and you seem so nice and I understand why you would be scared
Will you accept this and I produce from my bag a gods-eye made out of yarn?
I will
As if this is this is a token of of our
French we'd like to be your friend. You seem very nice and nervous and thank you
I thought about it and I guess whiz bulb just leaves his bucket anywhere. So
That could happen
You're out of uh
I'm not sure you're out of it because I don't know if you use it, but
I'm done pooping
And then there's nothing in here, but me and my poop
Flays wait will you come with us on an adventure to the isle of paradise?
I might be able to help as I am part of a sacred order of the seekers of paradise. All right. No need to brag but
please
It's my last work. I think it's something to brag about. You know, you're you're right
uh
Show us
All right, let's uh, can we can we grab some supplies from your kitchen? I'm most sure
I'm just kidding the best
Can anybody if you anything fabric or uh?
Cloth
Anything just I have some thread in my bag. I take out thread. Yeah, it's not going to be pretty but it will work
Wait, will it won't work
I just got to wrap it around your head so many or around your hand so many times
Speaking of wrap it around I think that because we're getting close to our closing time. I think that the sharpie might have to wrap
The uh, the whole message up for us right now. What kind of weird weird
Sharpie wrap sharpie wrap
And james and joey and is still not here sharpie. You haven't shit in nine months. You must feel great. Yeah
Yeah, yeah, really? That's how we're ending the show. Yeah, okay. Yeah
Yeah, yeah, well, let's get let's let's get a piece of portland
All right, uh, what what's your name young lady kimberley kimberley kimberley
What's your name? Devon. Devon. I don't know what to do with that information
All right, tell the tell the story dan
Dan you've got no show anymore. You have to create something new for us now. Okay. All right new
What would sharpie do in portland?
Yo yo yo yo yo yo portland land of the trees
I already rhymed with knees
Yo, yo, so okay. All right. Yeah. Yo, portland land of the northwest. I fucked your mama because I wanted to prove
I was the best
I won the competition fucked your mama and she gave me tuition. I went to university to portland their
Football team is called the uh, the uh coffee coffee people
Yeah, yeah, yeah pat crowd at the portland basement. Fuck your mama so hard. I made a federal case of it
She said okay
Case closed
Fuck your mama
The the acoustics are weird out there
We're gonna
Wait, wait, wait. Let's do the uh, let's do a soft. Let's do a nice sweet song for portland. Let's let's let's
Yeah, let's sing to him. Let's not rap
Yeah
Thank you guys so much you waited in line. How much did you pay? What were the tickets?
How much 25? Okay
$25
Financial collars
Wrapped around Harmontown where he is yellow and poop is brown
Portland friends
Have a means to an inch
You eat yogurt and then you do yoga
In portland in Harmontown. I fucked your mama so hard
In your front and back yard
In Harmontown
Where he is yellow and poop is brown and portland is the place to go and I fucked your mama so hard
I went below to the base but fucked your dad and I didn't let him up in time
Because I had no rhyme
But your dad was into it and I fucked him in the eye and in his armpit and he found it therapeutic and got more work done
Because he's
Because your dad loves getting fucked
And he uh said what's up
And I I I always I fuck everyone that gave birth to you. Sorry. Don't don't lose your enthusiasm
Oh my god, Portland is the best and I fucked your mama so hard
She's got a treasure chest and I put her titties around my penis and came
I came in the northwest
I love Portland is the city. I fucked your mama so hard
I won't say titty. I fucked your mama so hard that my fuck it was shitty because I
I choked I didn't couldn't fuck your mama good enough
Because your mama's from portland
And she deserves better than me
Your mama's better than me
Don't don't don't ever think that your mama deserves to be fucked by anybody
Except your dad
I don't know what my message is
I just know you're a good city, but if I just say that it'll feel like pandering. Thank you everybody for karma coming to Harmontown
We love you
Erin McGathy special crimson
Whoa
Oh
I'm sorry if that's misogynistic
Your mama's totally capable the show's always more capable than anybody
Your mama has the right to identify as either gender you both or either
Your fucking mom is a community was canceled. Yes
Your fucking mom is like a bigger thing. No more. No more community
But that doesn't matter at Harmontown
My show got canceled last night
But we could still win the fight because I'll I'll I'll I'll just do another show and then it'll be all right
Harmontown
I love Portland's trees
I love the sky and the little honeybees. I love your yogurt and your kites and your ocean
line
Portland
Whoa
Everything's made of wood
Everybody run for your lives. Everyone in Portland is good. Get out of here
Except for the two aggressively gay guys that picked a fight with me and chef
Life of Riley on 10th and new castle
Whoa, what's your name?
Lauren Lauren
I fucked Lauren's mom
Yeah
What's your name run what was it run run run
Fuck run
It's a dumb name
What's your name?
Sean Sean. Yo, I fucked Sean's mom
I fucked Sean's mom on the front lawn
I fucked you all day long at Harmontown
I'm too drunk to end the show
Yo, the show is over. It's already over. The show is over. Fuck you. Fuck you. Fuck you. Fuck you
The show never ends. The show never fucking ends. The show never fucking ends. I'm fucking angry
I'm fucking angry
The show never ends. Whoa. Yeah, security. Everyone all day long
Drunk in improvisal
It's fucking awesome. Ryan Wilson on your mama's front lawn. Oh, yeah
No, fuck you. The show never ends
It never ends. What's your name?
Devon. Devon. Fuck him. Fuck him.
What's your name?
Gret. How do you know when you're finished?
Show this guy. Yeah. Okay, great. Good job
Good night everybody. We'll see you at the bar. All right, we'll see you at the bar
We did it
Finally, we love you so much. You guys are the coolest in the world
I think everybody here at the Doug Furt make what I turned down, play some music for us, would you?
Thank you, Dan